# Traditional-exams-are-no-longer-an-effective-way-to-evaluate-students
It is widely argued that traditional exams are no longer effective. In my perspective, they might be right. However most of us have raised with the traditional system so don't expect that would be an easy to process. But in my opinion digital tests are more common these days furthermore they are easy to access and you can quickly check your result in conclusion. Due to that most of students first chose would be digital tests nowadays. On the other hand there is still a part of students that are supporting traditional paper exams. For instance in my country Türkiye, we still have exams on paper at schools and the students are complaining about the educating system. Throughout the exam, we become anxious. However it doesn't and with that. We all have friends like mines. They wont let you go until they have the information of how my exam went, how am I expecting and was it hard or not. Consequently I prefer not to answer. But with digital exams, you can access your result in a short notice. Occasionaly I took digitals to. Trying to keep myself uptades with technology. A clear example of todays topic could also be my best friend whose never stops to study. Recently he became an examiner in his school and graduated as an valevictorian. And I'm proud of him. It is widely believe that this style of education should be taken much more serious than it is right now. It plays an crucial role for the futuristic education models. To sum up, every nation has an different type of education. Due to that we should be aware of what is going on globally. Overall, it can be argued that traditional exams are no longer necessary.
